# Bindings Index

This file contains an automatically generated list of all bindings with their one-line
summaries.

| ID | Summary | |---|---| | [api-design](./api-design.md) | This binding directly
implements our explicit-over-implicit tenet by ensuring that the | |
[automate-changelog](./automate-changelog.md) | This binding directly implements our
automation tenet by transforming manual documentation work into an automated process
driven by data already ca... | | [code-size](./code-size.md) | This binding implements
our simplicity tenet by addressing the cognitive overhead | |
[component-architecture](./component-architecture.md) | This binding directly implements
our modularity tenet by establishing a systematic | |
[context-propagation](./context-propagation.md) | This binding directly implements our
explicit-over-implicit tenet by making | |
[dependency-inversion](./dependency-inversion.md) | This binding directly implements our
testability tenet by making code inherently more | |
[dependency-management](./dependency-management.md) | This binding implements our
simplicity tenet by addressing a major source of hidden | |
[external-configuration](./external-configuration.md) | This binding directly implements
our no-secret-suppression tenet by preventing one of | |
[frontend-state-management](./frontend-state-management.md) | This binding directly
implements our simplicity tenet by addressing one of the most | |
[go-concurrency-patterns](./go-concurrency-patterns.md) | This binding directly
implements our simplicity tenet by protecting against one of the | |
[go-error-wrapping](./go-error-wrapping.md) | This binding implements our
explicit-over-implicit tenet by making error context and | |
[go-interface-design](./go-interface-design.md) | This binding directly implements our
testability tenet by enabling clean, flexible | |
[go-package-design](./go-package-design.md) | This binding directly implements our
modularity tenet by establishing clear, | | [hex-domain-purity](./hex-domain-purity.md)
| This binding directly implements our simplicity tenet by eliminating a major source of
| | [immutable-by-default](./immutable-by-default.md) | This binding directly implements
our simplicity tenet by eliminating a major source of | |
[no-internal-mocking](./no-internal-mocking.md) | This binding directly implements our
testability tenet by forcing you to design code | |
[no-lint-suppression](./no-lint-suppression.md) | This binding directly implements our
no-secret-suppression tenet by requiring | | [pure-functions](./pure-functions.md) |
This binding implements our simplicity tenet by reducing complexity at its most | |
[require-conventional-commits](./require-conventional-commits.md) | This binding
directly implements our automation tenet by transforming commit messages | |
[rust-error-handling](./rust-error-handling.md) | This binding directly implements our
simplicity and explicit-over-implicit tenets by | |
[rust-ownership-patterns](./rust-ownership-patterns.md) | This binding implements our
simplicity tenet by leveraging Rust's ownership system to | |
[semantic-versioning](./semantic-versioning.md) | This binding directly implements our
explicit-over-implicit tenet by bringing clarity to | |
[ts-async-patterns](./ts-async-patterns.md) | This binding implements our simplicity
tenet by addressing one of the most common | |
[ts-module-organization](./ts-module-organization.md) | This binding implements our
modularity tenet by defining how to create well-bounded, | | [ts-no-any](./ts-no-any.md)
| This binding implements our explicit-over-implicit tenet by requiring you to clearly |
| [use-structured-logging](./use-structured-logging.md) | This binding directly
implements our automation tenet by transforming system telemetry | |
[web-accessibility](./web-accessibility.md) | This binding directly implements our
explicit-over-implicit tenet by requiring |
