TL;DR

Treat Storybook as part of the component’s contract, not a side-show. Co-locate each
story with its component, make updating it part of “definition-of-done”, and wire CI to
break the build when a story fails to render or its snapshot drifts. Combine four pieces
of tooling to keep everything honest:

Problem Tooling / Practice Component changes silently break a story
@storybook/test-runner (Jest + Playwright) runs every story in CI; failed render =
failed build. ￼ Visual regressions or style drift Chromatic cloud snapshots & PR diff
review. ￼ Stories get stale or go missing eslint-plugin-storybook rules (plus a custom
rule or project-structure plugin) that warn if a component file lacks a peer
.stories.tsx. ￼ ￼ Docs fall out of date Storybook Autodocs (tags: \['autodocs'\])
generates docs straight from the component type/args, so you never copy-paste props
tables again. ￼

Everything else is workflow:

⸻

1. Build in Storybook first (Component-Driven Development)

If the first place you render a component is Storybook, the story is always in
sync—changes that break the story break your work-in-progress immediately. Storybook’s
own tutorial recommends treating SB as your primary dev canvas. ￼

⸻

2. Co-locate & scaffold • Keep Button.tsx and Button.stories.tsx in the same folder.
   Easier to notice when one is edited without the other. • Add a generator (plop, Nx,
   Turborepo, or the Storybook CLI sb init --generate-stories) that scaffolds both files
   whenever a dev runs yarn gen component Button. • Enforce the pattern with ESLint (see
   table above).

⸻

3. Write stories the modern way (CSF 3 + Args) • Use TypeScript stories so
   missing/incorrect props yield compiler errors in CI. ￼ • Prefer one canonical story
   (Default) plus interactive Controls for every prop; fewer hard-coded variants means
   less drift. ￼

⸻

4. Automate tests & visual diffs
   1. Add to CI

yarn test-storybook # test-runner: render + assert yarn chromatic --exit-once-uploaded #
snapshot & PR diff

Any red diff or failed render blocks the merge.

```
2.	Gatekeeper culture
```

Code reviewers must approve Chromatic diffs or updated snapshots. If a component
legitimately changes, the snapshot update is part of the PR.

⸻

5. Keep docs & design synced • Autodocs turns every story into live docs: prop tables
   come from source, so no stale README screenshots. ￼ • Map Storybook hierarchy to your
   design tokens / Figma structure (Atoms → Molecules → etc.). Best-practice article
   shows the pattern. ￼ • Designers review stories—not the app—to sign off UI before it
   lands.

⸻

6. Nice-to-haves for bigger teams

Feature Why How Interactive story generation Create/patch stories from the Storybook UI
(experimental but saves boilerplate). Enable the beta flag
(interactive-story-generation) introduced June 2024. ￼ Storybook Composition Consume
upstream design-system stories without copy/paste. stories:
\['../design-system/storybook/stories.json'\] Visual accessibility & a11y lint Fail CI
if color contrast breaks @storybook/addon-a11y + test-runner assertions

⸻

7. Process checklist (what goes on the PR template) • Updated or added
   <Component>.stories.tsx • yarn test-storybook passes locally • Chromatic snapshots
   reviewed / accepted • If props changed, docs page renders correctly (npm run
   build-storybook && open storybook-static)

⸻

Bottom line

Put Storybook on the happy path (dev starts there), enforce it in lint + CI, and let
automated tests plus Chromatic catch anything you miss. Once those guard-rails are in
place, stories rarely fall behind the real UI.
